wikitext_to_conll.py:
--------------------

Parses Wikipedia dumps in the MediaWiki format. Creates two files, one is the
article in ConLL format; the other is the list of templates found in the files.
This latter file is pretty useless right now.

The most important parameter is -l/--language, the language of the markup.
Always set it to match the language of the Wikipedia dump, lest the result
become corrupt, or (much more likely) the script fails. Be sure to download
the required siteinfo.json file in mwlib with the script
mwlib*egg/mwlib/siteinfo/fetch_siteinfo.py.

The tools to use for each language can be specified in a configuration file.
A general section, named 'tools' is used to specify the default tools.

See wiki.conf for an example. In this setup, English text is tokenized, POS
tagged and lemmatized via NltkTools; Hungarian text is tokenized into sentences
with a ME-based chunker, and POS tagged and lemmatized by ocamorph and
hundisambig.

For an example for all options, please refer to the tool documentations in
../utils/tools.py and ../utils/language_config.py.

create_morphtable.py:
--------------------

Because of how ocamorph and hundisambig interact (i.e. the former has to create
a morphtable file for the latter, in addition of passing the sentence text),
it would be very inefficient to parse the corpus sentence-by-sentence, or even
page-by-page. The solution to this problem is two-pass parsing. The first pass,
implemented in this script, runs only ocamorph and outputs a morphtable. Then,
in the second pass, wikitext_to_conll.py can be run with the hundisambig-based
POS tagger/lemmatizer.

There are some gotchas with two-pass parsing:
- tagnodes may introduce a UNIQ identifier, which changes each time the page is
  read. Since hundisambig cannot handle a word that is not in the morphtable,
  these identifiers (pattern is UNIQ-.+-QINU) must be discarded;
- mwlib is buggy, and its behavior is undeterministic on ill-formatted pages.
  Therefore, the hundisambig-based POS tagger/lemmatizer must read the
  morphtable into a set, and check each word to see whether it is safe to send
  it to hundisambig or not, and replace it with a safe (preferrably UNKNOWN)
  token.

../utils/tools.py:
-----------------

Contains the tools used by the two scripts above.

extract_langlinks.py:
--------------------
Extracts interlanguage links between two languages.

TODO:
- how to handle redirects (in Hungarian esp)?
- test with hunpos?
